Hey, Brian. Hey, everyone.
Hey.
Excellent to be here. Good to be back from the holiday break.
And let's just kick it off.
Yeah, let's do it.
Hello and welcome to Python Bytes,
where we deliver Python news and headlines directly to your earbuds.
This is episode 416, recorded January 13, 2025.
I'm Michael Kennedy.
And I'm Brian Okken.
And this episode is brought to you by us.
Check out our stuff that we're doing over at Brian's course.
Where's your course, Brian? I forgot the URL.
Pythontest.com.
Pythontest.com. That's right.
And over at Talk Python Training.
Links are in the podcast player show notes or on the homepage,
all of those things.
Follow us on Mastodon and Blue Sky.
We love to connect with people over there.
In fact, Brian, you don't really have visibility into this yet,
but there's a bunch of recommendations I got from,
I think it was Blue Sky, which fills out many of my topics today.
Nice.
Yes.
And I encourage people to follow us out there.
Use the starter pack on my profile if they wish.
And if you want to get all this stuff sent to you automatically as an email,
and this might be getting an upgrade.
We're not entirely sure yet.
We're playing around with some ideas here.
Yeah.
Content-wise.
But you should definitely subscribe to the email.
PythonBuyes.fm.
Click on newsletter.
Guess what?
You'll get a newsletter if you do it.
That'd be awesome.
We'd love to talk to you there.
And with that, Happy New Year, Brian.
It's been a couple of weeks we've been on break.
Some of it by decision.
Some of it mandatory by family stuff.
All those kinds of things.
That's on my end.
But welcome back.
Happy New Year.
Welcome back.
Yes.
Thanks.
It's really good to be back.
I'm glad to start talking coding and Python on the air again.
Yeah, absolutely.
You get to this age where you get phone calls out of the blue.
You've got to come help your father with this because he's old and can't do stuff.
And just sometimes you jump on a plane for non-vacation reasons,
and it's not as fun as it could be.
But you've got to do it.
That was me last week.
Okay, well, how about this week?
What do you got for us?
Well, I was thinking that this week, at the start of the new year,
people might be thinking of some changes.
So some of the changes they might be thinking about is terminal or shell changes.
If you're kind of a terminal person, and especially if you're a macOS or Linux user,
one of the things that just came out recently is Ghosty.
So at G-H-O-S-T-T-Y.
Get it?
Yeah, that's clever.
That's clever.
It's a fast feature-rich and cross-platform terminal emulator
that uses platform native UI and GPU acceleration.
So super fast, super featured.
Why am I covering this?
It's kind of fun, actually.
So Ghosty, have you heard about this?
I have absolutely heard about it.
I have it installed.
I have played with it.
It is fun.
It is not yet dethroned warp as my way to go to yet.
But I like it.
Both of them are written in high-speed languages.
I think Ghosty is zig of all.
Zig language is awesome.
Yeah.
And warp is rust.
But yeah, I love it.
Yep.
So Ghosty just came out.
Let's see.
They did the announcement of a release in October.
But it just came out at the end of the year.
I think it was the 31st of December or something like that.
end of the year.
But it's...
So why am I talking about this?
Because it's kind of fun.
And also, it has some interesting heritage.
So this is started by Mitchell Hashimoto,
which is one of the co-founders of HashiCorp.
I think he left HashiCorp in 2023.
But anyway, some nice heritage.
It's feature-rich.
What does feature-rich mean?
It's feature-rich, fast.
It's got themes.
It's got all that sort of stuff.
But a couple of reviews that I was reading of it
were saying that it really is pretty fast
and partly because it's less code.
They really...
The code for it is a lot more streamlined
than a lot of other things.
And having it be native
and really focusing on some of the speed
as well as features.
So the tagline really,
when you go to the About page,
it says,
there are many excellent terminal emulators available.
But they all kind of force you
to either choose speed, features,
or a native UI.
And Ghosty wants to do all three.
And I kind of like that.
I've had issues with things
that don't really look like...
You know, they don't really look like a native feel.
Anyway, I've just downloaded it,
started playing with it a little bit,
haven't done much with it.
But a lot of people on Blue Sky were talking about it
in Mastodon over the break.
As far as shells go,
so Ghosty does integrate with shells,
with different shells.
It integrates with...
It says,
some of the features require integrating with your shell.
It automatically does automatic injection
of shell integration for Bash,
ZShell,
Fish,
and Elvish.
And I've been thinking about Fish
because Fish was actually in the news as well.
Fish...
I see.
You're into jam bands?
I got it.
Yeah.
I kind of forgot about Fish.
Anyway.
But an announcement in December as well
is that Fish shell is...
The 4.0 is in beta
and it is rewritten in Rust.
So that's kind of fun.
Do you know what it was written in before?
I think it was C or C++.
Yeah.
A port from C++ to Rust.
So not sure about the reasons around that,
but it's kind of fun.
It'd be fun to get...
If you want to contribute or whatever.
I think there's more energy around Rust
than C++ right now.
Yeah.
There is.
One of the things that I'm intrigued by with Fish
because I've been setting up new environments lately
and stuff
and I like my environment,
my shell environment,
but keeping it all,
like all the extras on different machines
is a little tricky.
and apparently Fish has a lot of stuff built in
that other people have to configure later.
Okay.
I'll give you a shot also.
Yeah.
I'll check that out.
Very nice.
You used to do Z shell and OhMyZshell.
Are you still...
Yeah.
Okay.
If I use the regular terminal
or iTerm or something like that,
then I am.
But I think with warp,
I'm pretty sure...
Yeah,
I'm sure that it doesn't run Z shell.
Not directly anyway.
It may underneath the cover somehow,
but...
Okay.
It feels like it kind of does its own thing,
you know?
Yeah.
And I'm enjoying it.
It comes pre-built with a lot of stuff
that I used to install,
like McFly and other types of stuff.
Well,
so I used to have...
It used to be a heavy-duty Z shell user
and had tons of configuration changes,
but when I started doing a bunch of machines,
I kind of just went back to vanilla Bash
and with just like a Bash RC file.
But we'll see.
It's the history.
The history is so hard on Bash
compared to some of the other things,
unless you configure it right.
Yeah.
Anyway,
what you got for us?
All right.
Let's take it for a loop here.
This one comes to us from Owen Lamont,
and I told you stuff was coming from Blue Sky,
and Owen has a special honor in this episode.
He doesn't know it,
but he might have a perfect trifecta
sort of thing going on here.
So this one that we're going to cover,
he pointed out,
and then the next one we're going to cover
is...
The next one I'm going to cover
is my second main topic,
is actually created by him.
Then something else,
I can't remember exactly what it was,
was referred to.
So he's got three things
in three different sections,
which is pretty wild.
So Owen,
thanks for sending this in.
And like I said,
I encourage lots of people
to send their stuff in
because that is super helpful,
and we'd love to have it up.
So this one is called Winloop.
Now,
something that's a hassle
is if you're working in AsyncIO,
well,
AsyncIO is not
as high performance
as it could be,
right?
So there are things like
UVlib,
which is the backend
powering things
like UVloop,
hence Winloop,
UVloop.
The problem is
UVloop is not
compatible
with Windows,
even though the foundation
of LibUV
is compatible.
Make that make sense,
huh?
So this person
came along
and worked on it,
Visonex,
and said,
all right,
I've been waiting for people
to set this up
and make it work,
and,
well,
I guess I'm going to have
to do it myself.
So he said,
because nobody was willing
to step up
after so many years
of waiting,
I went ahead
and downloaded
the source code
for UVloop,
started modifying
the source code
to be Windows compatible
by carefully removing
and changing parts
that were not made
for Windows,
such as forking processes
rather than launching
subprocesses,
and so on,
and so on.
So here's a,
does it have any benchmarks?
Where are your benchmarks?
I think it might actually,
no.
Yeah,
it does have some benchmarks.
So this is a way
to replace the asyncIO event loop
to upgrade it
to have faster performance,
much like UVloop does
for Mac and Linux,
but you can just do that here,
and you can kind of use them both,
right?
You can just do
sort of an import,
try,
accept,
like try to import this
or check your platform
and import the right thing
and just sort of swap
between them.
Okay,
cool.
Yeah.
So it says
if you run it
with the different policies,
it'll show you
like how much faster
you can get,
like it gets,
I don't know,
is this like five times faster
or something
for some benchmark,
you know,
all those things go.
And then,
where are we?
They've got some nice examples.
Yeah,
it says check out the
how to use
when loop,
when uv loop
is not available.
So it just basically says
if the platform
is win32,
sigwin,
or CLI,
just import the run method
from win loop,
otherwise import it
from uv lib.
You could also probably,
you know,
probably a nice way
would just to be set
the asyncio event loop policy
before an event loop
comes into existence,
which then when it goes
and creates a no event loop
automatically,
it'll use the win loop
or uv loop one
or whatever.
But,
you know,
people can check it out.
It shows how to use it
with FastAPI
and things like that.
So pretty neat,
I think.
Yeah,
that's cool.
Yeah.
So if you're doing
asyncio stuff
and you're on Windows
and you've been like,
people keep telling me
UV loop is awesome.
I hear you.
I can't use it.
Win loop,
check it out.
And thanks Owen
for sending that in.
I also kind of,
I really like that
it kind of works with both
or you can,
you can have,
have some examples
to use both
because there are people
that are test,
you know,
test,
developing on Windows
and pushing to Linux.
Yeah,
or you're a framework creator
and you have users on both.
Yeah,
which you should think about
because like we've said before,
it's like over half
of the Python users
are using Windows.
Yeah,
the majority.
If you single down
to a single platform,
the majority,
the biggest one is Windows
and then it breaks
into pieces,
right?
Yeah.
Luckily,
all the other pieces
are Linux-y sort of things.
That's right.
And I think that's the problem.
Everything is POSIX-like
except for Windows.
Yeah.
That's a challenge.
Oh, well.
Anyway.
Okay.
Well,
let's take a look
if I get this right.
Oh,
I've got some news
from both,
from Astral,
a couple of Astral topics,
UV and Ruff.
first off,
I saw this
like little notice
that there's a rough 2025
style guide
and I'm like,
what?
What do we need
a new style guide
for 2025?
But I'm really,
there's a bunch of stuff
in here,
but what I'm really excited
about is the modifications
to the F-string formatting.
And yeah,
we're getting really nerdy here
if you're getting excited
about F-string formatting.
But F-yes.
There was a great sticker
for all that said F-yes
when f-strings came out.
So one of the cool things
is I guess it didn't do
deal with the formatting,
the expressions inside,
the interpolated expressions
inside of the curly braces
inside of an F-string.
And so,
yeah,
often it's just a variable name
which isn't a big deal.
but you can put code in there
and now Ruff will format
that correctly.
So it's doing like,
it shows an example
of like,
you know,
layer method plus five
and it was two stuck together.
So now Ruff will spread it
out a little bit.
I do that all the time.
Like if I have a time delta
and I want to know
how much time,
I want to represent
that in milliseconds,
but it has a dot total seconds.
So I'll just times a thousand.
Yeah.
And actually more and more now
I'm like,
do I really need to assign this
to a variable
just so I can stick it
into an F-string?
I'll just stick the code
in the F-string.
So I'm doing that more and more.
So having Ruff deal with that
is great.
But with that also,
there's a bunch of other cool things
like quotes are now normalized
in f-strings
according to a project configuration.
so if you want,
if you set it to be double quotes
or single quotes,
it'll deal with that.
But,
and they're left untouched
if normalizing would result
in an invalid F-string.
Of course,
it checks to make sure
it doesn't mug things up.
Looks for
unnecessary escape
like back ticker,
the,
you know,
the backslash
if it doesn't,
if it's not needed to be there.
So that's nice.
Yeah,
that's excellent.
Like for example,
you have single quote
and then you will have
another single quote
in the string.
You've got to escape it.
It'll,
rather than leave it there,
it'll convert it
the outer strength
to double quotes.
So you just don't need
the escape at all,
which is perfect.
Yeah.
And then one of the last things
is it looks
at the interpolated expressions
in an F-string
to see whether
it might be acceptable
to split the F-string
over multiple lines.
So,
and,
and it has done that
with strings
of splitting it
on multiple lines.
But I don't think
it did that with f-strings
before because it could
have mucked up
the interpolation.
Now it's figuring that out
and doing the right thing.
So,
just lots,
lots of good cleanup work
for f-strings.
There's other stuff
in here too
that I think is really nice.
There's a
prefer wrapping
the assert message.
Basically,
do I care about this?
Not really,
except for
I like the new one better.
It looks better.
So,
sure.
better looking code
is always a good thing.
So,
thanks Astral for not
like ignoring.
I mean,
rough is why we've got,
fell in love with these guys
in the first place.
And,
so,
so I'm glad that there's
still work going on here.
Now,
I've got a bit of a tangent
that seems like a tangent,
but not really.
The Python 3.14,
3.14,
the Py release of Python
is in alpha right now.
December,
as of December 17th,
there's the alpha 3.
so it's been an alpha
for a while.
But,
so you can play with it,
but how do you play with it
if you're kind of a uv person?
Well,
Charlie Marsh posted
in,
just on the 7th,
that you can use,
what,
what is it?
UV Python install.
UV Python install,
yeah.
3.14,
and then you do
--preview
because 3.14 isn't there yet,
but if you use the preview,
it works.
And after,
after I did this,
now I can just,
now I don't have to use preview
when I just say,
like uv,
V,
and V,
and then pick.
Yeah,
yeah,
just Python,
3.14 or whatever,
yeah.
It just works
because now it's on my machine.
So,
so there's a preview mode
to grab that,
which is really nice.
I like it.
that's excellent.
Yeah,
they're doing really good work
over there
and you're right
that,
that rough started it all.
So that's,
that's really cool to see.
And one of the things
that I've noticed
that I'm,
I,
I wasn't really up
for a lot of the,
like the big packagers
to create my Pi project
toml for me
and to start a project,
but uv init,
it rocks.
Okay.
It does just enough.
Like if you pop into a new,
a new project
and just say,
UV and like you,
you start coding
and you say uv init,
it creates enough boilerplate
that's good,
but not too much.
Like it'll generate
a Pi project toml for you,
but it's not too big.
You can just,
you know,
add more stuff to it.
That is such a balancing act,
right?
Like I'm going to create
a new project,
run this cookie cutter
or this other template.
Do you want to use Postgres?
How about celery?
Do you like caching?
What kind of,
like,
whoa,
I just,
I just don't,
I just need to like
a Pi project toml
and a few things
and what's the right layout
relative structure.
Let's,
let's not overdo it,
you know?
Yeah,
let's not overdo it.
Too much opinion.
And then also uv sync.
I'm using a uv sync all the time.
So you could clone a project
and do uv sync
and it'll pick up the project toml
and create a virtual environment
and all that.
So,
love that.
Well,
I really appreciate
your perfect segue
because this next topic of mine
is called uv dash secure.
Nice.
Pretty awesome.
This was the one created
by Owen Lamont
and he just released,
he's been working on it
for a little while
and people might be familiar
with pip audit.
So pip audit
will go
and look at
what is installed
in your virtual environment.
So,
I've got a virtual environment,
I've installed some packages
through whatever,
pip install dash E
or
through just pip install
or dash
requirements,
however you get it,
right?
you've got all those
requirements installed
and what if there is
some kind of malware
or some other horrible thing
that you mistyped
like
jang
jangagu
or I don't know,
whatever,
like you,
somehow you miss a letter
and you get something terrible
or something was just taken over,
it was fine
and then it wasn't fine.
This will go,
pip audit will go back
and talk to,
I can't remember exactly
what it's going back to
but there's an API
that checks for vulnerabilities
in
different packages
and basically
if a vulnerability is found,
it's listed there
and you'll know,
right?
Cool.
Cool,
so that's great
but that requires you
to have all those things
installed
and
it
doesn't work,
it doesn't
like look at things
like the uv lock file
so uv secure
allows you to ask
hey,
what is the status
and vulnerability story
of my project
before I install them?
Right?
It's
it's good to know,
hey,
you've installed a virus
that is now running
and losing your computer
you'll want to try
to work on that
get it out
it's better to know
before you install it
right?
And so
when Owen
submitted this to us
I'm like,
this is awesome
but I'm not a
UV sync
kind of guy
I'm a
UV pip install
and a uv pip compile
to generate a requirements
dot txt file
so
he said,
no problem
I'll update it
to also do
requirements files
and then
I ran
just
go in
to the
working folder
for Python bytes
and say
UV dash secure
so first of all
you
can install it
with uv as a tool
or with pipx
or however you want
then you say
UV dash secure
and it'll say
I'm looking at this
requirements file
or I'm looking at
this lock file
or whatever it is
and it'll take a minute
because it's
you know
the Python bytes
project has 86
packages it uses
so it calls that
API 86 times
and gets a response
there's a bit of a delay
there
I'm sure you could
parallelize that
but maybe harm the API
I don't know how much
it can take in parallel
but anyway
it says
if there's a problem
or whether everything
looks safe
and hey
everything looks good
gotta love that
nice
yeah so
nice work on that
Owen
and
yeah people can
check out
UV secure
cool
yep
and
yeah
there it is
I'm being checked
to see if I'm secure
trying to pull it up
but yeah
scan your uv lock file
for dependencies
with known vulnerabilities
and now also
works with
requirements.txt files
that were generated
by UV
I imagine with others
as well
pinned ones at least
you know
yeah
I mean
people might write
their own
who knows
whatever
yeah
they might
all right
that's it for our main items
isn't it
it is
yeah
you got any extras
just I guess
a little bit
over the
break
I did
play around
with pytest
more
and
started
testing code again
so
we talked about
doing seasons
so I thought
yeah
what the heck
I'll do
I'll shift over
and so
after nine and a half years
and 223 episodes
season two is starting
so
I'm going to do
pytest plugins
so please
anybody
so there's an episode up
just introducing
the
introducing the season
they'll be probably
short
short or long
depending on what
we want to talk about
for different plugins
some of them are going to
combine
plugins
like all the orderings
together or something
or whatever
or individual ones
so
if you'd like to
submit your favorite
plugin
or something you'd like me
to take a look at
go ahead
and how would you do that
you would
either go to
Blue Sky
or Mastodon
or
I recently added
a contact form
on pythontest.com
oh
I have to add
my Blue Sky
to that contact form
also
oh
come on now
don't forget it
anyway
so
that's my extra
excellent
and real-time
follow-up
you have
Henny
out there
points out
that sneak
maybe
is possible
does something
similar
yeah
that's for sure
I wonder
it's using
the sneak
API
for that
UV secure
not sure
anyway
but
but yeah
that's another
thing to consider
okay
I have a few
extras
this is the
trifecta part
and I'm just
going to link to it
I'm not going to
play it
we've already
all had
plenty of
heavy metal
but
Owen
was inspired
by the funny
song that we did
with remember
the curl
heavy metal
like super
that was awesome
TLS
connect
hello
so
he did one
for HTTP status
codes
and it goes
through all
the different
HTTP status
codes
so
I'll link
to that
you can
play it
make sure
you turn
on the audio
because it's
off by default
because
it's pretty
good
I do enjoy
it
I wonder
if it has
I'm a teapot
in there
I didn't
listen that
hard
before
whatever it
is
that's a
pretty good
one
okay
so
people can
check that
out
that's
pretty fun
following on
that
who knows
maybe
I might
do some
more fun
stuff
with songs
later
as well
with some
of these
episodes
I think
we can
do it
but we're
not doing
it this
episode
we've got
to play
around
so
another
thing to
announce
is
PyCon
Austria
is
coming
April
6th
and 7th
and
it's
opening
party
on
the
5th
I mean
who
wouldn't
want
to go
to a
party
in
Austria
have
some
good
beer
it'd
be
great
yeah
so
I met
some
of
the
folks
behind
this
at
PyCon
Slovakia
when I
was there
giving a
talk
and
they're
putting
this
on
I
think
it
is
free
yeah
attendance
is
free
but
space
is
limited
so
you
still
got
to
sign
up
so
if
you're
near
Austria
in
or
can
take
a
train
over
to
Austria
and
like
to
do
that
you
know
check
it
out
I
would
absolutely
go
if
I
could
but
it
intersects
with
some
family
stuff
that I
can't
get
out
of
so
I'm
not
going
this
year
unfortunately
because
of
the
dates
but
it
still
would
be
fun
and
people
can
check
it
out
right
yeah
another
one
Leonard
Richardson
the
guy
who
created
beautiful
soup
this
was
sent
into
me
I
want
to
give
a
little
bit
of
credit
here
as
well
this
one
was
sent
in
by
Sue
Mana
and
she
said
hey
check
it
out
new
updates
for
beautiful
soup
apparently
this
is
a
pretty
big
change
beta
was
just
updated
uploaded
to
PyPI
and
hoping
to
get
another
round
of
feedback
says
Leonard
before
the
final
release
because
apparently
some
there's
kind
of
changes
and
stuff
you
can
check
out
the
Google
groups
link
to
talk
about
the
changes
that
he's
proposing
and
trying
out
and
so
on
that's
pretty
awesome
I
think
I've
been
using
beautiful
soup
since
I
started
using
Python
yeah
I
agree
if
you
scroll
through
the
comments
here
Eric
Holscher
says
I
just
want
to
say
thanks
beautiful
soup
has
been
a
constant
utility
basically
as long
as I've
been doing
Python
so I
thought
that was
a
pretty
you're
on the
same
vibe
there
pretty
awesome
yeah
cool
so
beautiful
soup
certainly
rocks
and
I've
used
it
a
ton
as
well
okay
I
have
one
more
extra
Brian
okay
but
I
want
to
close
out
the
show
with
something
special
and
unexpected
for
people
okay
so
in order
to
do
that
at
the
end
I
think
let's
do
the
joke
first
I
I'm
all
for
jokes
yeah
so
you
know
what
it's
like
to
go
stack
overflow
right
it's
not
super
helpful
but
it
can
be
a
little
prickly
let's
say
yeah
you'll
submit
a
question
like
well
that
question
was
answered
seven
years
ago
over
there
like
well
yes
but
it
doesn't
work
that
way
anymore
or
you
know
just
you
shouldn't
why
are
you
even
asking
this
you
shouldn't
do
this
right
so
this
comes
back
to
a
very
common
sort
of
question
you
know
optimist
versus
pessimist
but
we
have
a
third
category
a
stack
overflowist
okay
so
here's
a
glass
it's
exactly
50%
full
of
water
I mean
you can
debate
it's
100%
full
but
whatever
like
that's
not
the
debate
that's
a
chemistry
joke
this
one
is
the
optimist
pessimist
versus
stack
overflowist
the
first
one
is
the
optimist
says
the
glass
half
full
the
pessimist
says
the
glass
is
half
empty
the
stack
overflowist
says
the
glass
is
a
stupid
question
and
so
I
in
the
show
notes
I
entitled
the
joke
that's
a
stupid
cup
or
stupid
glass
I
like
it
pretty
good
right
yeah
and
then
like
of
course
I'm
the
nerd
in
me
is
looking
at
this
going
well
visually
it's
halfway
up
but
since
the
cup
is
wider
at
the
top
it's
got
more
more air
than
it does
I
would
say
pessimist
wins
comes
in
second
optimist
no
that's
a
stupid
cup
okay
that's
a
stupid
cup
all right
you ready
for the
last
thing
this is
pretty
awesome
this is
pretty
wild
we live
in
incredible
times
so I've
started
doing this
thing over
at
talk
python
this is
only
tangentially
the
actual
topic
it is
but it
isn't
I've
started
doing
this
thing
called
episode
deep
dive
so I
wrote up
on the
talk
python
blog
introducing
episode
deep
dives
at
talk
python
and so
if you
go to
any
I'm
embarrassed
to say
it took me
a while
to understand
the snorkel
reference
deep dive
yeah well
you got to
pick something
from your
font
awesome
icons
and I'd
already
used up
some other
stuff
so it's
a snorkel
as the
icon
to click
the button
I like
it
so now
for every
episode
that I
publish
I'm
putting
together
what's
called
a deep
dive
and
actually
it's
ironic
that
the older
ones
are better
because
the more
of them
I've
done
the better
I've
got
at
you know
figure
them
out
let's
yeah
it's so
weird
so here
let's
see
space
science
does
this
have
a
deep
dive
it
does
okay
so
space
science
this
one
is
I
interviewed
Thomas
Albin
about his
YouTube
channel
and his
work
I think
it was
a
European
space
agency
and so
on
but
instead
of just
having
the
show
notes
now
it
has
this
thing
called
the
deep
dive
which
comes
into
the
background
it
says
hey
if
you're
new
to
Python
these
are
the
types
of
things
you'll
want
to
research
a
little
bit
to
understand
this
topic
really
well
like
this
one's
about
visualization
so
it
talks
about
map
plot
pandas
and
spicy pie
then it
goes into
all
the
takeaways
and
links
documents
and
tools
excellent
stuff
to
just
make
it
way
more
useful
right
okay
that's
nice
so
yeah
thanks
we might
start
doing
that
here
I'm
trying
to
decide
because
we're
show
notes
are
pretty
close
to
this
but
they're
not
exactly
we
can
play
with
it
but
you know
we've
looked
at
a
little
right
is
a ton
of
work
though
I
don't
have
them
all
done
I'm
back
to
like
and
I've
got
to
go
back
to
so
there
you
go
but
many
of
the
new
ones
are
done
which
is
awesome
so
here's
the
thing
that
here's
the
thing
I'm
going
to
close
out
the
show
with
that
I
think
is
crazy
and
I
think
people
will
enjoy
this
is
kind
of
a
separate
topic
notebook
LM
have
you
played
with
notebook
LM
no
so
notebook
LM
is
originally
came
out
it's
from
Google
and
it
came
out
as
a
way
to
help
people
understand
documents
like
researchers
professors
and so
on
so
what
you
do
is
you
give
notebook
LM
a
PDF
or
a
couple
of
PDFs
and
then
you
can
ask
it
questions
like
what
are
the
what
do
the
researchers
think
about
this
and
it's
based
on
all
of
their
thing
but
the
most
insane
thing
and
this
is
what
we're
going
to
close
out
the
show
with
is
you
can
push
a
button
literally
you don't
have to
give it
prompts
or anything
you just
push a
button
and say
create a
talk show
like
similar to
what we're
doing here
talk show
like
podcast
episode
of this
paper
it is
so
insane
if I
was
researching
I don't
know
if I was
researching
something
between
Fast
API
and
Django
somebody
written
up a
really
detailed
report
I could
upload
that
and I
could
just
say
hey
I
want
to
have
a
couple
of
people
talk
to
me
about
the
trade-offs
and it
brings
in
other
world
knowledge
right
it's
not
just
the
words
in there
like
it's
kind
of
like
chat
GPT
in
that
it
knows
everything
and
then
it
also
just
talks
about
this
and
it
is
insane
so
going
back
to
what
the
heck
with
these
deep
dives
if
you
scroll
down
a
little
bit
there's
a
listen
to
a
conversation
about
our
deep
dives
so
those
of
you
watching
just
the
live
stream
I'm
not
going
to
play
this
year
because
it's
minutes
and
seconds
but
you
can
go
to
this
link
here
and
just
click
the
play
button
if
you
want
to
hear
it
so
there's
nothing
else
but
I'm
going
to
play
this
because
it
is
an
insane
view
into
what
is
possible
so
what
I
did
is
I
took
this
deep
dive
conversation
blog
post
gave
it
to
notebook
LM
and
I
said
want
to
hear
people
talk
about
it
so
I'm
going
to
drop
that
in
and
people
can
hear
about
it
now
I
think
your
mind
is
going
to
be
blown
you
sent
this
to
me
and
I
totally
thought
you
was
doing
a
podcast
about
your
deep
dives
it's
crazy
if
you
haven't
heard
it
has
interruptions
like
oh
yeah
it's
got
that
artificial
back
and
forth
but
it's
done
in
a
really
nice
way
it's
not
just
speech
to
text
it
is
something
entirely
unworldly
it is
weird
and
I
thought
it'd
be
fun
to
close
out
the
show
just
to
give
people
a
weird
glimpse
into
this
world
and
it'll
talk
about
the
deep
dives
if
you
care
cool
all
right
well
with
that
later
everyone
Thank you.